content/signup.md, before:

+++
title = 'Join Claudsidian'
date = '2025-12-08T22:00:00-05:00'
draft = false
hidemeta = true
ShowBreadCrumbs = false
+++

<div style="max-width: 600px; margin: 0 auto; text-align: center; padding: 2rem 1rem;">

## Master the Claude + Obsidian Workflow

Get early access to the complete setup guide, workflow tips, and best practices for building your AI-enhanced second brain.

<div style="margin: 2rem 0;">
<form name="signup" method="POST" data-netlify="true" action="/thank-you" style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 1rem; max-width: 500px; margin: 0 auto;">
  <input type="hidden" name="form-name" value="signup">

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="email" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">Email Address</label>
    <input
      type="email"
      id="email"
      name="email"
      placeholder="you@example.com"
      required
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="name" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">Name (Optional)</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="name"
      name="name"
      placeholder="Your name"
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="interest" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">What interests you most?</label>
    <select
      id="interest"
      name="interest"
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
      <option value="">Select one...</option>
      <option value="setup-guide">Setting up Claude + Obsidian</option>
      <option value="workflows">Workflow tips and techniques</option>
      <option value="automation">Automation and productivity</option>
      <option value="knowledge-management">Knowledge management best practices</option>
      <option value="all">All of the above</option>
    </select>
  </div>

  <button
    type="submit"
    style="padding: 1rem 2rem; background: var(--primary); color: white; border: none; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1.1rem; font-weight: 600; cursor: pointer; margin-top: 1rem;"
  >
    Build My Second Brain
  </button>
</form>
</div>

<p style="color: #6b7280; font-size: 0.9rem; margin-top: 2rem;">
No spam. Unsubscribe anytime. We respect your inbox.
</p>

</div>

<style>
button[type="submit"]:hover {
  opacity: 0.9;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
  transition: all 0.2s;
}

input:focus, select:focus {
  outline: none;
  border-color: var(--primary);
}
</style>

Commit message:

Update signup to 'Get the Newsletter' messaging

content/signup.md, after:

+++
title = 'Get the Claudsidian Newsletter'
date = '2025-12-08T22:00:00-05:00'
draft = false
hidemeta = true
ShowBreadCrumbs = false
+++

<div style="max-width: 600px; margin: 0 auto; text-align: center; padding: 2rem 1rem;">

## Get the Claudsidian Newsletter

Get early access to the complete setup guide, workflow tips, and best practices for building your AI-enhanced second brain.

<div style="margin: 2rem 0;">
<form name="signup" method="POST" data-netlify="true" action="/thank-you" style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 1rem; max-width: 500px; margin: 0 auto;">
  <input type="hidden" name="form-name" value="signup">

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="email" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">Email Address</label>
    <input
      type="email"
      id="email"
      name="email"
      placeholder="you@example.com"
      required
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="name" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">Name (Optional)</label>
    <input
      type="text"
      id="name"
      name="name"
      placeholder="Your name"
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
  </div>

  <div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 0.5rem; text-align: left;">
    <label for="interest" style="font-weight: 600; color: var(--primary);">What interests you most?</label>
    <select
      id="interest"
      name="interest"
      style="padding: 0.75rem; border: 2px solid #e5e7eb; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1rem;"
    >
      <option value="">Select one...</option>
      <option value="setup-guide">Setting up Claude + Obsidian</option>
      <option value="workflows">Workflow tips and techniques</option>
      <option value="automation">Automation and productivity</option>
      <option value="knowledge-management">Knowledge management best practices</option>
      <option value="all">All of the above</option>
    </select>
  </div>

  <button
    type="submit"
    style="padding: 1rem 2rem; background: var(--primary); color: white; border: none; border-radius: 6px; font-size: 1.1rem; font-weight: 600; cursor: pointer; margin-top: 1rem;"
  >
    Build My Second Brain
  </button>
</form>
</div>

<p style="color: #6b7280; font-size: 0.9rem; margin-top: 2rem;">
No spam. Unsubscribe anytime. We respect your inbox.
</p>

</div>

<style>
button[type="submit"]:hover {
  opacity: 0.9;
  transform: translateY(-1px);
  transition: all 0.2s;
}

input:focus, select:focus {
  outline: none;
  border-color: var(--primary);
}
</style>
